chore: release notes for 1.32.0 (#300)
pactflow/docs.pactflow.io: website/docs/docs/on-premises/releases/1.32.0.md

---
title: 1.32.0
---

## Release date

09 September 2024

## Features

N/A

## Fixes

> * fixed the situation when a consumer provider pair has both OAS and traditional pact containing both HTTP and message interactions and message interactions take more time to get verified by adding a new Message Verification Mission reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* fixed the situation when a consumer-provider pair has both an OAS and traditional pact containing both HTTP and message interactions. Message interactions that haven't been validated at comparison time or when `can-i-deploy` is called, returns a new Message Verification Missing reason.
```

> * fixed the situation when a consumer provider pair has both OAS and traditional pact containing both HTTP and message interactions and message interactions take more time to get verified by adding a new Message Verification Mission reason.

Author: `openssl-dev` `libssl3` `libcrypto3` are resolved

> * fixed the situation when a consumer provider pair has both OAS and traditional pact containing both HTTP and message interactions and message interactions take more time to get verified by adding a new Message Verification Mission reason.

Reviewer 2: I would list the CVE we resolved, see past release notes

> * added swagger hub policy with contract data read permission for swagger hub pactflow integration

Reviewer 2: We can remove this, i don't believe onprem has this feature - @mefellows I cant remember if we ever pushed a onprem to onprem pactflflow-swaggerhub integration
